.TH spindly_stream_new 3 "10 Jul 2012" "spindly 0.1" "spindly manual"
.SH NAME
spindly_stream_new - short function description
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <spindly.h>

spindly_error_t spindly_stream_new(struct spindly_phys *phys,
                                   unsigned int prio,
                                   struct spindly_stream **stream,
                                   void *userp,
                                   struct spindly_stream_config *config);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIspindly_stream_new(3)\fP creates a request for a new stream and muxes the
request into the output connection. If the function returns success, there's a
pointer to a spindly_stream struct stored in the \fIstream\fP pointer
identifying the pending stream. The \fIuserp\fP pointer is a custom pointer
that will be associated with the \fIstream\fP to allow the application to
identify it.

When the outgoing message has been created, the application must sent it off
to the peer by calling \fIspindly_phys_outgoing(3)\fP and transferring the
returned data.

\fIprio\fP is a priority, 0 - 7 where 0 is the most important. It maps
directly to the priority property as defined in the SPDY protocol.

The stream is not yet ready to be used until it has been acknowledged by the
peer and we get a \fBSPINDLY_DX_STREAM_ACK\fP response. This function merely
creates the request for this channel to be created.

\fIconfig\fP is NULL or a pointer to a spindly_stream_config struct with the
following fields:
.IP age
should be set to SPINDLY_CONFIG_AGE
.IP consumed
callback function to call when 'data' or 'headers' have completed. The HANDLED
pointer is passed on in addition to the \fIuserp\fP one.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns a spindly_error_t error code. See \fIspindly-errors(3)\fP.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR spindly_phys_outgoing(3)
