.TH spindly_phys_outgoing 3 "10 Jul 2012" "spindly 0.1" "spindly manual"
.SH NAME
spindly_phys_outgoing - get data to send over physical
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <spindly.h>

spindly_error_t spindly_phys_outgoing(struct spindly_phys *phys,
                                      unsigned char **dataptr,
                                      size_t *datalen);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIspindly_phys_outgoing(3)\fP returns info (\fBdataptr\fP and \fBdatalen\fP)
with data that is ready to send over the transport medium immediately. This
function may return data in multiple pieces. Spindly doesn't actually transfer
anything itself but it delivers the data the application must send off itself.

\fBphys\fP is the handle as returned by \fIspindly_phys_init(3)\fP.

The data is muxed from all streams and is provided in a prio order - at the
time of the calling of this function. The data is a binary SPDY protocol
stream.

The amount of data this function can return in a single call may be capped to
a certain maximum level due. Therefore, an application should call this
function repeatedly to get updated values after data has been sent off (and
\fIspindly_phys_sent(3)\fP was called) until it no longer returns data.

NOTE: This function will return \fBSPINDLYE_INVAL\fP if earlier data has not
been reported fully with \fIspindly_phys_sent(3)\fP, or if the data callback
is non-NULL.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns a spindly_error_t error code. See \fIspindly-errors(3)\fP.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR spindly_phys_sent(3),
.BR spindly_phys_init(3)
