.TH spindly_phys_init 3 "9 Jul 2012" "spindly 0.1" "spindly manual"
.SH NAME
spindly_phys_init - init a physical connection
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <spindly.h>

struct spindly_phys *spindly_phys_init(spindly_side_t side,
                                       spindly_spdyver_t protver,
                                       struct spindly_phys_config *config);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIspindly_phys_init(3)\fP creates a handle for a single duplex connection,
\fBside\fP is either SPINDLY_SIDE_CLIENT or SPINDLY_SIDE_SERVER - what side
this handle is made to handle. \fBprotver\fP is the specific SPDY protocol
version: SPINDLY_SPDYVER2 or SPINDLY_SPDYVER3.

\fBconfig\fP can be NULL to accept internal defaults or a pointed to a filled
in struct spindly_phys_config.

The spindly_phys_config struct contains the following fields:
.IP age
should be set to SPINDLY_CONFIG_AGE when setting a config. The 'age' field
tells spindly which fields that exist in this particular struct version.
.IP customp
custom pointer passed in to all callbacks
.IP malloc
function pointer to the callback to be called instead of malloc
.IP realloc
function pointer to the callback to be called instead of realloc
.IP free
function pointer to the callback to be called instead of free
.IP demuxed
function pointer to the callback called when incoming data passed in with
\fIspindly_phys_incoming(3)\fP has been consumed
.IP data
function pointer to the callback called when outgoing data is available, as an
alternative to polling with spindly_phys_outgoing

A spindly_phys struct will hold default values for all SPDY SETTINGS and for
client-side handles it will keep persistent SPDY SETTINGS.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns a pointer to a handle if successful. The pointer is a handle that is
to be used as an input to numerous other spindly funcitons.

If something fails, this function will return NULL instead of a handle.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR spindly_phys_cleanup(3)

